 Hello everyone, now we are going to start the second topic according to the syllabus of C language. That is keywords. The first topic was introduction to C which I have already covered in the previous two videos. You can check them out. If you have not seen my syllabus video, then at least see the syllabus video. I told you very well in that video that which topic I will cover in sequence. So the first topic was about the first topic of the syllabus. I have already covered in the previous two videos. We will see about the keywords in this lecture. It is very small topic. It is very easy. You will get very soon. We will not do a lot of video. We will make a video of the maximum 5-7 minutes. Let's start. What are the keywords? Keywords are the reserved words of every language which have some specific meaning. And user cannot use them for any purpose. We use the same language in C language. In C, we use int, care, float, if, switch, while do etc. All these are keywords. You can also use them for the loop. I will tell you in total 32 keywords in C. This is a small question. You can ask me in the comment section. I will tell you in the summary section. I will tell you in total 32 keywords in C. I will tell you in the comment section. If you want to make a typical question, you can ask in the comments section. In total 32 keywords in C language. Keywords can be used in C language. As we learn English, we should first teach in C language. If you don't have C language, you can learn in English. You will learn in C language. Keywords are just like your ABCD of your C language. We make words in C language. That means we make programs. Keywords are used and then we make programs. And then we make sentences in English. First we make ABCD and then we make words. Then we make sentences. We learn keywords in C language. We will make programs safe. And we will make programs and then we will make some collections of them. And then we will make a software of the program. You can learn this type of analogy. Of course, collection of keywords is not a program. If you want to learn this type of code, you can try to learn the analogy of the word. For you, we read ABCD in English. We read keywords in C language. English is also a language. It is a programming language, it is a computer language, and English is our language. So, the normal languages are used in C language. So that we can communicate in the language. So, if you want to communicate with a computer, then you have to learn the language of the word. It will be C language and then you have to learn it. So, the English language is Hindi. It is all about your grammar. We call it a way. It is a way to speak the word. So, all the ways come to our grammar. It is a very simple programming language. It is a simple text. We have a statement in every language. It is a semi-colon. It is a simple text. You have to close the black and black. That is the simple text. I had also told you earlier that we call it a simple text. If you have not used semi-colon, you have to close the black and black. These are not dangerous. Because our compaid was told by us. So, I think, remember all of them. I am just an analogy. I am writing it in a normal language. And I am writing it in your programming language. I am writing it in English and C language. I think, you have to write it all. So, if you are doing it from keyword, we will be able to make the programs safe. And we will be able to make the programs safe. And we will be able to make the software safe. Okay. I used this here. The user cannot use them for any other purpose. What does it mean? What does it mean? It means that the user can make the variables safe. It means, in a sense, like suppose, I am saying it in simple language. So, like you can define the variable in C. So, you will be able to define the index steps. So, if you give the keyword,the variable name can not be keyword. It means, the variable name can not be keyword. So, this variable name will be x. It will be x. But if you have given it in float, then this is wrong. Float is a keyword. So, if you have given it in if, it is wrong. So, if it is a keyword, the keyword name can not be keyword. I think someone is coming. People say, why can't they say, that the company will be confused. If you are writing, then there is a condition, or the variable name will notbe understood. So, this is a confusion. So, we cannot define this. Okay. Now, remember one thing. If I write in capital IF, okay, this one will go. If you see the capital IF, then this is not keyword. Please remember, keyword IF, small IF is a keyword. But capital IF is not keyword. So, you can see the variable name. So, you will have to explain it. Small IF and capital IF. Small IF is capital IF. So, you can say, this keyword is not keyword. That means, what is the language? It is different in the word, so, this is the lower case, so, the lower case is different here. Same is not the same. So, what is the meaning of this? See, our case sensitive language is okay. Case sensitive means, the lower case is different in the word, it is different. Similarly, you can define it like this. In FLOAT. Okay. You define this type of type. If you write capital IF, then you can write it. So, the keywords that we define, generally, all the lower case are not in the case. You see? Okay. And, like you, if you have an idea, if you use IDE, then you have a term called Turbo-Search, if you have an IDE Integrated Development Environment, which is not blue, then we work on it. If you have done so, then keywords that are white in color, you will have checked. If you write keyword INT, then white in color. So, if you write the word INT, then white in color. Just for the sake of knowledge, it is not significant, it is not significant. Just for the sake of knowledge, then you will have to write in the compiler, like ID, like it will be in green, like it will be in blue. Generally, the term used in Turbo-Search, then the IDE will be in white. Okay. Different colors are represented to show that this keyword is already in and so on. Okay. So, I think all of you have done so. So, you should note this. And then we will talk about the next topic. According to the syllabus, the next topic is your variable and constant. So, I have already discussed this level at the time. It was not available in my table. The change is going to be, and the constant is going to be, the people cannot change. This is rough meaning. I will create this definition in the next lecture. What is variable? Constance. This is a different definition. These are the differences. I will show you in the next lecture. So that you can note this on one screen. Okay. Thank you so much. Bye.
